README.md, before:

# kube-admission-webhook
k8s admission webhook library with certificate rotation and caBundle update.

## CA/Service certificate/key generation
The library generates RSA keys with 2048 size and certificate for both for CA and server.
They share the expiration time so all the CA and service certificates
are rotated at once just before expiration time.

## Webhook service
It has a one year expiration time harcoded and apart from wrapping the
controller runtime webhook library it waits for TLS key/cert existence and
correctness before sarting the service this wait cert-manager runs in parallel
wait webhook just wait for proper TLS infra to be there.

## Cert manager
It's implemented as a controller runtime `Runnable` to be plug into the manager
to re-use controller-runtime lifecycle code. The cert manager instance
has to be unique per cluster so either is running a a `Deployment` with proper
replication or use Leader Election at controller-runtime logic, if this is the
case, in case the other controllers need to be non leader election a drop in
place controller has beeing added to this project.

## Examples
There is a integration example under test/pod it contains two controllers and
a webhook, one of the controllers uses leader election there other do not so
all the bits from this project are represented.

## TroubleShooting
There is a known race issue when the pod using this lib is controlled by an external operator,
where this lib's secret/caBundle might get out of sync.
To workaround this issue should it happen to you, We introduced a workaround script in /hack/force-cert-rotation.sh
For usage example:
 ```bash
./hack/force-cert-rotation.sh --help
```

Commit message:

Replace CA bundle update strategy from replace to append (#28)
Current implementation replace the CA bundle field at webhook configuration
with the new CA certificate generate after rotation, it brings up some problems
since there is a time window between k9s secrets get mounted into the pod, during
that perioid if CA Bundle does not contains the previous CA cert the addmission
webhook will fail, since it will be using the old server cert with the new ca cert.

The solution to that is adding the new certificate to the CA bundle so old server cert
is still valid and since CA bundle to prevent CA bundle from growing forever the expiration
time from certificates is taking into account to trigger CA Bundle cleanup, during cleanup
all the certificates that has expira will be removed.

Signed-off-by: Quique Llorente <ellorent@redhat.com>

README.md, after:

# kube-admission-webhook
k8s admission webhook library with certificate rotation and caBundle update.

## CA/Service certificate/key generation
The library generates RSA keys with 2048 size and certificate for both for CA and server.
They share the expiration time so all the CA and service certificates
are rotated at once just before expiration time.

The CA bundle from webhook configuratin contains not only the last rotated
CA certificate but also the non expired previous one, that prevents problems
related to pods watching an old projection of the mounted secret.

## Webhook service
It has a one year expiration time harcoded and apart from wrapping the
controller runtime webhook library it waits for TLS key/cert existence and
correctness before sarting the service this wait cert-manager runs in parallel
wait webhook just wait for proper TLS infra to be there.

## Cert manager
It's implemented as a controller runtime `Runnable` to be plug into the manager
to re-use controller-runtime lifecycle code. The cert manager instance
has to be unique per cluster so either is running a a `Deployment` with proper
replication or use Leader Election at controller-runtime logic, if this is the
case, in case the other controllers need to be non leader election a drop in
place controller has beeing added to this project.

## Examples
There is a integration example under test/pod it contains two controllers and
a webhook, one of the controllers uses leader election there other do not so
all the bits from this project are represented.

## TroubleShooting
There is a known race issue when the pod using this lib is controlled by an external operator,
where this lib's secret/caBundle might get out of sync.
To workaround this issue should it happen to you, We introduced a workaround script in /hack/force-cert-rotation.sh
For usage example:
 ```bash
./hack/force-cert-rotation.sh --help
```
